c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\obj\Debug\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC.dll.config
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC.pdb
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\PagedList.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\PagedList.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\obj\Debug\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC.dll
c:\users\seb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC\obj\Debug\Plantilla.Proyecto.MVC.pdb
